Schism Tracker 0.2a
-------------------

First, I must apologize for leaving this hanging for a month, and then
releasing something that still isn't all I wanted it to be, but things
have been happening and I didn't get quite as much time to work on this
as I had expected. Perhaps I should set my goals lower. :P

Anyway, on to the new stuff:

AIFF sample support! Any monaural AIFF file up to 16 bits *should* load
correctly, though most of the extended information (such as loop points)
is currently skipped. AIFF files can be saved from the Export Sample
dialog (Alt-T).

Any file that can be opened as a module can also be loaded as a sample
library in the sample browser. NOTE: trying to save a sample while a
sample library is loaded will not work correctly (yet). I intend to fix
this for the next version.

Text drawing significantly improved with a character cache.

The main event loop was reorganized. This should eliminate those weird
problems with the key repeat interfering with screen updates (a.k.a. the
mysterious cursor hiding bug).

Alt-S and Alt-X (swap and exchange) are working on both the sample and
instrument lists.

Ctrl-Left and Ctrl-Right move the cursor left/right one visible channel
in the pattern editor, and change the playback position elsewhere.

Orderlist improvements: Ctrl-F7 (play selected order next) and Alt-F11
(lock/unlock order list) implemented. Additionally, Modplug no longer
looks at the orderlist during playback until the order changes, so
editing the orderlist doesn't affect the current position of the song.
Have fun, placid! :)

Swap (Alt-S) and exchange (Alt-X) are functional on both the sample and
instrument lists. Also, on the sample list, Alt-Ins and Alt-Del shift
sample slots up and down. (It's a bit more complicated to handle this on
the instrument list for technical reasons.)

Completely rewritten directory scanning code to better support systems
that don't use *nix-style paths. Primarily this was written with Amiga OS
in mind, but it also should work on Win32.

The visualization display is no longer connected with the classic mode
switch or the playback state; it now has its own option on the
preferences page. Current visualization types are a global VU meter,
oscilloscope, fake memory stats, or nothing at all.

No more ITF editor. Sorry, it was just getting to be too much of a pain
to build because of inter-file dependencies. Grab it from 0.19a if you
miss it. :)

Envelopes are now set up properly when instruments are created.

Various bug fixes, portability fixes, and code cleanup.
