// Preface.

	This is it... it's a lot like IT. Except, not exactly like IT,
	because it does things IT doesn't do, but IT does things it
	doesn't do. Confused enough? Good.

	If you're not familiar with Impulse Tracker I recommend
	downloading it and browsing through its text files. Although
	there are some discrepancies here and there, functionally almost
	everything is the same as far as documentation goes.

	If you ARE familiar with IT, and you find something that isn't
	quite right, by all means, let me know! I'd like to make this as
	faithful a copy as possible. (Obviously, some things are markedly
	different, e.g. the layout of the load/save module screens, so
	don't tell me about those, as I already know. ;)


// Things that aren't obvious.

	Text boxes are more like Scream Tracker than IT, in that the edit
	point isn't always fixed to the length of the text. Maybe this is
	what Jeffrey Lim had in mind when he wrote that "the routines
	need to be rewritten" for his text entries. :)

	Thumbbar value editing with the arrow keys is a bit easier: in
	IT, shift-arrows changed the value by a multiple of 4, ctrl-arrow
	changed it by 2, and that was about it. I've added alt-arrow to
	change the value by 8; in addition, holding more than one
	modifier multiplies them -- for example, alt-shift-right will
	increase a value by 32 (8 x 4).

	Home/end work on the menus, help viewer, and message editor when
	it's in view mode.

	While the pattern editor doesn't work quite like Impulse Tracker,
	it has new modes for 12 and 64 channel views. Hit Ctrl-Shift-<n>
	(n being a number from 1 to 6) to switch the mode. (By the way,
	if anyone would like to write a detailed description of how
	Impulse Tracker's pattern "track views" actually work, I'd be
	more than willing to implement it. I just never used those
	features myself, so I have no idea how they function.)

	Hit Alt-Enter to switch between fullscreen and a window. As far
	as I can tell, this only works with the X11 video driver.

	For power users: if ~/.schism/startup-hook or ~/.schism/exit-hook
	are executable, Schism Tracker will run them on startup and exit,
	respectively. For example, you can have the startup hook switch
	the video mode, turn up the volume on the sound card, kill the
	screensaver, and load a different keyboard map, and then put it
	all back the way it was on exit.

	The palette preset selector has been rewritten. Now you can save
	a custom palette to any of 20 different slots. (In theory, at
	least. At the moment, it's still all hard-coded.)

	Custom font support: copy your font to ~/.schism/fonts/font.cfg,
	and Schism Tracker will do its best to use it. It supports
	Impulse Tracker's ITF fonts (of course) and raw 8x8 pixel data
	such as Linux console .fnt files. It also tries to squeeze down
	8x16 fonts to 8x8, but usually they aren't very readable.

	Alt-T on the sample list (which used to be "Save S3I sample" in
	Impulse Tracker) brings up an export sample dialog with a list of
	various sample formats.


// The bottom.

	Copyright (c) 2003-2005 chisel. All rights reversed. See the file
	COPYING in the distribution for license details.

	Contact me for any reason, business or pleasure, rain or shine:

	Website: http://rigelseven.com/schism/
	Forum:   http://rigelseven.com/cgi-bin/yabb/YaBB.pl?board=schism
	E-mail:  schism@chisel.cjb.net (no binary attachments, please)
        Snail:   Haha... if you really want to, e-mail me first.

This is the last line.
